I would not see myself compelled to meet him on the high seas.
Ademun Nomura needs no introduction.
He is referred to in our press as a big gun.
You know, he is in every sense a big gun physically and mentally.
And I feel sure that it is powerful and big enough a gun to shatter any and all possibility or potentiality if there is any of class in the Pacific.
Ademun Nomura is not a professional diplomat, and yet he is a highly gifted diplomat.
That has been abundantly demonstrated at Washington, D.C. and other posts abroad, as well as during tenure of his office as Foreign Minister in the Abbey Cabinet.
He is more of a distinguished sailor, as you all know.
Each sail that stilts the horizon braves the dangers of the sea, and the skipper is responsible for the safety of the entire crew.
The very quality that distinguishes a successful sailor, it appears to me, is also the quality needed for a successful diplomat.
The vast and deep ocean, upon which stately ships move, is eminently suited to cultivate a largeness of mind and foster self-confidence and common sense.